Add SoAni Tech and Logica Beans (#140)
mesaugat/tech-companies-in-nepal: README.md

- [Expresiv Studios](http://expresivstudios.com/) | Dillibazar, Kathmandu | UI/UX Design for Mobile, Web & Beyond
- [Fawesome Apps](http://fawesomeapps.com/) | Putalisadak, Kathmandu | We make friggin’ awesome apps
- [Fusemachines Nepal](http://fusemachines.com.np/) | Hattisar, Kathmandu | We create intelligent software solutions that transform brands, grow businesses and make people's lives easier

> - [F1Soft International](http://f1soft.com/) | M&S Tower, Pulchowk, Lalitpur | FinTech company providing services to more than 90% of the banks and financial institutions in the country

Reviewer: We need to stick with convention.

```suggestion
- [F1Soft International](http://f1soft.com/) | Pulchowk, Lalitpur | FinTech company providing services to more than 90% of the banks and financial institutions in the country
```

- [LinkBinary](https://www.linkbinary.com/) | Birtamode, Jhapa | Provides digital services in simple yet secured, integrated and most comprehensive way while taking care of fairly adrifted digital quality
- [LIS Nepal](http://www.lisnepal.com.np/) | Manbhawan, Lalitpur | Service centric Information Technology firm with special focus on retail industry. Our expertise lies in Business Intelligence (BI), Data Warehousing, and Data Analytics
- [LogPoint](https://www.logpoint.com/) | Jawalakhel, Lalitpur | Provides full enterprise SIEM solution

> - [Logica Beans](www.logicabeans.com) | Lal Colony Marga, Kathmandu | help you mitigate your business’s technological challenges - It's a sister company of F1soft based on software development

Reviewer: We don't need to mention sister company of F1Soft. 

```suggestion
- [Logica Beans](www.logicabeans.com) | Hattisar, Kathmandu | Helps you mitigate your business's technological challenges
```

Reviewer: The name of the place can also be changed to something that most of us know.

- [Softhover](https://www.softhover.com/) | Bansbari Rd, Kathmandu | Mobile Apps and Web Development Services
- [Sofwena Pvt. Ltd.](https://sofwena.com/) | Patan Dhoka, Lalitpur | Sofwena is a company providing software development and product delivery services to Business House Holds, Agriculture Industry and Financial Management
- [Source Code Pvt. Ltd.](www.sourcecode.com.np/) | Durbar Marg, Kathmandu | Financial technology company established with the aim of simplifying technology for capital markets

> - [SoAni Tech Pvt. Ltd.](www.soanitech.com) | Manbhawan, Lalitpur | Software Development Company 

Reviewer: @milanshresta Please provide a proper description of the company. The description is very generic here.
